Add Parameter Binding documentation (#72)
Minimal-APIs/minimal-apis.github.io: src/guide/parameter-binding.md

## Conventions

```cs
app.MapPut("/todos/{id}", async (TodoDb db, TodoItem updateTodo, int id) =>
{
    // ...
});
```

The route handler above accepts three parameters:

1. `TodoDb db` which comes from the service provider.
2. `TodoItem updateTodo` which is read as JSON from the request body.
3. `int id` which is read from the `{id}` segment of the route.

These were all determined by convention but could be specified explicitly with attributes as follows:

```cs
using Microsoft.AspNetCore.Mvc;

// ...

app.MapPut("/todos/{id}", async (
    [FromService] TodoDb db,
    [FromBody] TodoItem updateTodo,
    [FromRoute(Name = "id")] int nameDoesNotMatter) =>
{
    // ...
});
```

Parameters sources are determined using the following rules applied in order:

1. [Parameter attributes](#attributes) take precedence over conventions if they are present.

> 2. Any [well-known types](#well-known-types) are bound from the the [HttpContext](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/microsoft.aspnetcore.http.httpcontext) or one of its properties.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Any [well-known types](#well-known-types) are bound from the [HttpContext](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/microsoft.aspnetcore.http.httpcontext) or one of its properties.
```

> 3. `string` parameters are bound from `HttpContext.RouteValues[{ParameterName}]` or `HttpContext.Query[{ParameterName}]` depending on whether `{ParameterName}` is part of the route pattern.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
3. `string` parameters are bound from `HttpContext.RouteValues[{ParameterName}]` when `{ParameterName}` is part of the route pattern or `HttpContext.Query[{ParameterName}]` otherwise.
```

nit: feels less ambiguous.

4. Types with public static [BindAsync](#bindasync) methods are bound using `BindAsync`.
5. Types with public static [TryParse](#tryparse) methods are bound by calling `TryParse` with `HttpContext.RouteValues[{ParameterName}]` or `HttpContext.Query[{ParameterName}]` depending on whether `{ParameterName}` is part of the route pattern. This includes most built-in numeric types, enums, `DateTime`, `TimeSpan` and more.
6. Types registered as a service are bound from request services.
7. Any remaining types are bound from the request body as JSON.

## Attributes

### `[FromRoute]`

> [FromRouteAttribute](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/microsoft.aspnetcore.mvc.fromrouteattribute) implements `Microsoft.AspNetCore.Http.Metadata.IFromRouteMetadata`. Any attribute implementing this interface is equivalent. This will bind the parameter from `HttpRequest.RouteValues[{ParameterName}]`. If the parameter is not a string, the parameter type's [TryParse](#tryparse) method will be called to convert the string to the parameter type.

Author: Once available, I want to link to API docs for the `IFrom*Metadata` interfaces.

### `[FromServices]`

[FromServicesAttribute](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/microsoft.aspnetcore.mvc.fromservicesattribute) implements `Microsoft.AspNetCore.Http.Metadata.IFromServiceMetadata`. Any attribute implementing this interface is equivalent. This will bind the parameter from request services as described in the [Services section](#services) of this doc.

### `[FromBody]`

[FromBodyAttribute](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/microsoft.aspnetcore.mvc.frombodyattribute) implements `Microsoft.AspNetCore.Http.Metadata.IFromBodyMetadata`. Any attribute implementing this interface is equivalent. This will bind the parameter from the request body as JSON as described in the [JSON Request Body section](#json-request-body) of this doc.

If the `EmptyBodyBehavior` property is set to `EmptyBodyBehavior.Allow` (e.g. `[FromBody(EmptyBodyBehavior = EmptyBodyBehavior.Allow)]`), the parameter will be set to `null` or its `default` value if the request body is empty. This corresponds to the `IFromBodyMetadata.AllowEmpty` being true.

## Well-Known Types

> 

Reviewer: Should have a short description like: "These are types your delegate parameters can be that will be supplied by the framework."

Author: ```suggestion
If the delegate parameters are any of the following types, they will be populated from the [HttpContext](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/microsoft.aspnetcore.http.httpcontext).
```

- HttpContext
- HttpRequest (`HttpContext.Request`)
- HttpResponse (`HttpContext.Response`)
- ClaimsPrincipal (`HttpContext.User`)
- CancellationToken (`HttpContext.RequestAborted`)

## BindAsync

If the parameter type, one of its parent/ancestor types or any of its implemented interfaces define a public static `BindAsync` method with one of the following signatures, the parameter will be bound using `BindAsync` assuming no parameter attribute specified another source.

```cs
public static ValueTask<{ParameterType}> BindAsync(HttpContext context, ParameterInfo parameter)
{
    // ...
}

// Or

public static ValueTask<{ParameterType}> BindAsync(HttpContext context)
{
    // ...
}
```

> The return value can be either `ValueTask<{ParameterType}>` or `ValueTask<{ParameterType}?>` for both overloads. Whether returning a `null` value is allowed is determined by the nullability of parameter type. If the parameter type is non-nullable, the route handler will not be called and a bad request will be logged.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The return value can be either `ValueTask<{ParameterType}>` or `ValueTask<{ParameterType}?>` for both overloads. Whether returning a `null` value is allowed is determined by the nullability of the parameter type. If the parameter type is non-nullable, the route handler will not be called and a bad request will be logged.
```

In the case where both overloads are defined anywhere in the parameter type's hierarchy, the `BindAsync` method with the `ParameterInfo` argument will be called.

If there is more than one `BindAsync` method with the same signature, the method from the most derived type will be called. `BindAsync` methods on interfaces are chosen last. A parameter type implementing more than one interface defining matching `BindAsync` methods is an error.

## TryParse

If the parameter type, one of its parent/ancestor types or any of its implemented interfaces define a public static `TryParse` method with one of the following signatures, the parameter will be bound using `TryParse` using the `string` from the source specified in the [Conventions section](#conventions) of this document.

```cs
public static bool TryParse(string? value, IFormatProvider formatProvider, out {ParameterType} result)
{
    // ...
}

// Or

public static bool TryParse(string? value, out {ParameterType} result)
{
    // ...
}
```

> The out parameter can be either `out {ParameterType}` or `out {ParameterType}?` for both overloads. Whether providing a `null` value is allowed is determined by the nullability of parameter type. If the parameter type is non-nullable, the route handler will not be called and a bad request will be logged.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The out parameter can be either `out {ParameterType}` or `out {ParameterType}?` for both overloads. If the parameter type is non-nullable, and a `null` value is provided, the route handler will not be called and a bad request will be logged. On the other hand, if the parameter type is nullable, then `null` values are accepted and the route handler will be called.
```

Reviewer: > The out parameter can be either `out {ParameterType}` or `out {ParameterType}?`

Except for structs

> In the case where both overloads are defined anywhere in the parameter type's hierarchy, the `TryParse` method with the `IFormatProvider` argument will be called.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
In the case where both overloads are defined anywhere in the parameter type's hierarchy, the `TryParse` method with the `IFormatProvider` parameter will be called.
```

If there is more than one `TryParse` method with the same signature, the method from the most derived type will be called. `TryParse` methods on interfaces are chosen last. A parameter type implementing more than one interface defining matching `TryParse` methods is an error.

## Services

Service parameters are resolved from `HttpContext.RequestServices.GetService(typeof({ParameterType}))`.

> Whether or not a given parameter type is a service is determined using `IServiceProviderIsService` unless the parameter is explicitly attributed with `[FromServices]`. Given the `[FromServices]` attribute, the parameter type is assumed to exist.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Whether or not a given parameter type is a service is determined using `IServiceProviderIsService` unless the parameter is explicitly attributed with `[FromServices]`. Given the `[FromServices]` attribute, the parameter type is assumed to exist in the service provider.
```

> For non-nullable parameters, the parameter type must be resolvable as a service for the route handler to be called. If the service does not exist, an exception will be thrown when the endpoint is hit. For Nullable

Reviewer 2: Incomplete paragraph?

> [IServiceProviderIsService](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/microsoft.extensions.dependencyinjection.iserviceproviderisservice.isservice) is a new interface introduced in .NET 6 that automatically implemented by the default service provider and some third-party containers. If `IServiceProviderIsService` itself is not available as a service, the `[FromServices]` attribute must be used to resolve parameters from services.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[IServiceProviderIsService](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/microsoft.extensions.dependencyinjection.iserviceproviderisservice.isservice) is a new interface introduced in .NET 6 that is implemented by the default service provider and some third-party containers. If `IServiceProviderIsService` itself is not available as a service, the `[FromServices]` attribute must be used to resolve parameters from services.
```
